Project Proposal Submission Form

1. Project title:
   Gomoku (five in a row)

2. What is the problem you aim to tackle with your project? 
   The main purpose of our project is to provide people with more ways to entertain themselves and to enhance
   the friendship and communication between people.

3. Why is this problem important to tackle? 
   In the busy work and study life at ordinary times, appropriate games can bring people happiness and relaxation.
   Because our project is a two-player game, the friendship between friends has been greatly enhanced in the 
   communication process of the game.

4. Who stands to benefit from this app most? (I.e., who is your expected "market") 
   Because our project is a simple puzzle game, it's easy to learn, so it benefits everyone.


5. List other apps that have addressed the same problem (please number them for the next question)
   Such as: Chess, card games

6. For each app you listed above, list in what ways it is lacking (please number them correspondingly)
    For the chess: high difficulty for the first time player
    For the card games: there are many rules to remember before playing


7. For each shortcoming you have identified above, state whether you intend to address it, and (briefly) how
   In our app, we let users play a simple game. There are no complicated rules and it's easy for beginners to get started.


8. Your "elevator pitch" (should take no more than ~60 seconds to tell) 
   The app that we are building is that to let users play the Gomoku game and make them relax. Although there are some similar
   apps, such as chess game, puzzle game, the Gomoku game is much easier to learn and play. In our app, we set up the basic 
   chess board and two colors of pawns, black and white. Since this app is a two-player battle app, user can play this Gomoku 
   game with their friends. In the process of playing the game with friends, this is also a good wat to enhance their friendship.
   Also, another purpose that we want to build this Gomoku game is that the Gomoku game originated from China, we want to introduce
   the Chinese culture to everyone and let more and more people enjoy the Gomuku game. 

9. List any technologies you are considering for your project; compare them to alternative options, and state 
   which one(s) you find more promising and why
   We consider providing man-machine battle, which requires an algorithm to achieve. And add the Internet battle to achieve
   the situation of playing the game without face to face, which requires an algorithm and Android Studio Internet permission,
   and other permissions.
   Our group are decide to do the one semester project, so that we may only focus on creating the man-machine battle. Because 
   this can also better apply some knowledge of the algorithm. 
